Inline the "Prerequisite" Chapter (#608)
gitpod-io/website: src/docs/self-hosted/0.4.0/install/database.md

#### Database
Gitpod uses a MySQL database to store user data. By default Gitpod ships with a MySQL database built-in. If you operate your own MySQL database (which we'd recommend in a production setting) you can use that one. You have the following options:

> * Integrated database: If not disabled, this MySQL database is installed in a Kubernetes pod as a part of Gitpod’s Helm chart.

Reviewer: Double-negatives are confusing:

```suggestion
* Integrated database: If enabled, this MySQL database is installed in a Kubernetes pod as a part of Gitpod’s Helm chart.
```

Author: I'd like to keep it this way, because you need to `disable` them in the config.
